README.md, before:

Liked the posts by https://www.facebook.com/tamilnaduweatherman/ and each time I had to wait a long time to get recent updates on the weather.

On checking the pics which are posted by Tamilnaduweatherman I observed them to be from Indian Meteorological Department but there were no noticable/searchable links to the radar data on the site, so I wrote a quick hack that generates the recent url and downloads the radar images.

P.S:
  1) Not sure if the image from the website is distributable. I see a valid problem solving by pushing it to any social network or a whatsapp group so holding this part to check the licenses.
  2) http://www.imd.gov.in/ seems to be path traversable site and that looks to a known vulnerability.



>> python chennai_radar_maps.py

http://www.imd.gov.in/section/dwr/img/caz_chn.gif  --Last Modified-> 2015-12-04 22:20

http://www.imd.gov.in/section/dwr/img/pac_chn.gif  --Last Modified-> 2015-12-04 22:20

http://www.imd.gov.in/section/dwr/img/ppi_chn.gif  --Last Modified-> 2015-12-04 22:20

http://www.imd.gov.in/section/dwr/img/ppv_chn.gif  --Last Modified-> 2015-12-04 22:20

http://www.imd.gov.in/section/dwr/img/ppz_chn.gif  --Last Modified-> 2015-12-04 22:20

http://www.imd.gov.in/section/dwr/img/sri_chn.gif  --Last Modified-> 2015-12-04 22:20

http://www.imd.gov.in/section/dwr/img/vp2_chn.gif  --Last Modified-> 2015-12-04 22:20

Commit message:

Updating Readme and adding requirements for pip

README.md, after:

Liked the posts by https://www.facebook.com/tamilnaduweatherman/ and each time I had to wait a long time to get recent updates on the weather.

On checking the pics which are posted by Tamilnaduweatherman I observed them to be from Indian Meteorological Department but there were no noticable/searchable links to the radar data on the site, so I wrote a quick hack that generates the recent url and downloads the radar images.

This script right now feeds this FB page https://www.facebook.com/Chennairadarmaps-1645977852357208/ every 15 minutes.

P.S:
  1) Not sure if the image from the website is distributable. I see a valid problem solving by pushing it to any social network.
  2) http://www.imd.gov.in/ seems to be path traversable site and that looks to a known vulnerability.


>> pip install -r requirements.txt
>> python chennai_radar_maps.py

http://www.imd.gov.in/section/dwr/img/caz_chn.gif  --Last Modified-> 2015-12-04 22:20

http://www.imd.gov.in/section/dwr/img/pac_chn.gif  --Last Modified-> 2015-12-04 22:20

http://www.imd.gov.in/section/dwr/img/ppi_chn.gif  --Last Modified-> 2015-12-04 22:20

http://www.imd.gov.in/section/dwr/img/ppv_chn.gif  --Last Modified-> 2015-12-04 22:20

http://www.imd.gov.in/section/dwr/img/ppz_chn.gif  --Last Modified-> 2015-12-04 22:20

http://www.imd.gov.in/section/dwr/img/sri_chn.gif  --Last Modified-> 2015-12-04 22:20

http://www.imd.gov.in/section/dwr/img/vp2_chn.gif  --Last Modified-> 2015-12-04 22:20
